README.md, before:

# CHAT APP

**Algebra Front-end Developer Course 2021 - final project**

This is the final project for the forementioned educational program.
___

## Technologies

- HTML
- CSS
- "vanilla" JavaScript
- [Scaledrone](https://www.scaledrone.com/)

<br>

___

## Features

- Sends messages with autor name
- Recognizes sender from the rest of the chat members by showing the messages on the right (sender) and on the left (others)
- Random nickname generator and random name color picker
- Connected to Scaledrone
- Displays active members and notifications who joined
- Autoexpanding input area with a scrollbar in case of a larger text input
- Responsive design

<br>

___

## Connect to Scaledrone

You can create your Scaledrone channel for free [here](https://dashboard.scaledrone.com/channels).
To connect to the channel you need to paste your channel ID in the `wall-chat.js`.

  ```js
  // Connecting to Scaledrone channel ID
  const CLIENT_ID = "M5tfM9H0WVkEzsTi";
  ```

<br>

___

## Images

![mockups](visuals/wall-chat-mockups.png)
<br>

___

## Try it

Open the chat in two or more different windows/tabs.

[GitHub Pages](https://github.com/emarekica/seminarski-algebra/settings/pages)

___

### Licence 

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

docs(readme): improvement ideas
from final assignment defence

README.md, after:

# CHAT APP

**Algebra Front-end Developer Course 2021 - final project**

This is the final project for the forementioned educational program.
___

## Technologies

- HTML
- CSS
- "vanilla" JavaScript
- [Scaledrone](https://www.scaledrone.com/)

<br>

___

## Features

- Sends messages with autor name
- Recognizes sender from the rest of the chat members by showing the messages on the right (sender) and on the left (others)
- Random nickname generator and random name color picker
- Connected to Scaledrone
- Displays active members and notifications who joined
- Autoexpanding input area with a scrollbar in case of a larger text input
- Responsive design

<br>

___

## Impovement ideas

[] limit number of characters in the form input field
[] add modal window when error while connecting
[] add date & time with every sent message

___

## Connect to Scaledrone

You can create your Scaledrone channel for free [here](https://dashboard.scaledrone.com/channels).
To connect to the channel you need to paste your channel ID in the `wall-chat.js`.

  ```js
  // Connecting to Scaledrone channel ID
  const CLIENT_ID = "M5tfM9H0WVkEzsTi";
  ```

<br>

___

## Images

![mockups](visuals/wall-chat-mockups.png)
<br>

___

## Try it

Open the chat in two or more different windows/tabs.

[GitHub Pages](https://github.com/emarekica/seminarski-algebra/settings/pages)

___

### Licence 

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
